[Music]
emergency crews in gaza's southern city
of adafa have worked through the night
to recover the remains a Palestinians
killed in an Israeli strike at least 35
people were killed in the attack which
targeted a tent camp near a un
[Music]
building many of the dead and injured
women and children the Palestinian red
crescent says people were burned alive
in their tents the injured are being
treated in overwhelmed and undipped
hospitals alzer's hindel HRI visited the
attack site in Rafa and sent us this
update we're currently in Rafa in the
area in the makeshift tent that has been
targeted by the Israeli air strikes with
at least eight air strikes let me walk
through you guys and show you the
aftermath this area had at least 20
tents and here we're seeing the
belongings of a family that was living
here at least 35
Palestinians were killed in this target
one of the most lethal targets as
described by the Palestinian civil
defense as it took them hours to put
down this fire down unfortunately the
firefighters tried their best to contain
the fire but again there has been no
water resources in the Gaza Strip
especially after the Israeli forces
closed the Rafa Crossing and no fuel has
been
entering the Gaza Strip since then they
have been trying to put it down but
there's no water resources all of this
area was filled and packed with
Palestinians that were forced to
evacuate from several parts of the Gaza
Strip there are still families here
still in this area even after the Target
because they simply do not have any
place to go and are 100% sure that
wherever they go and wherever they
Evacuate the Israeli air strikes are
going to chase them this isind
alaz RAF Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer